Ensure Consistent Key Handling in as.data.table S3 Methods (#6865)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

3. `fread(keepLeadingZeros=TRUE)` now correctly parses dates with components with leading zeros as dates instead of strings, [#6851](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6851). Thanks @TurnaevEvgeny for the report and @ben-schwen for the fix.

> 4. `as.data.table()` now properly handles keys: explicitly specified keys are set, while unspecified keys are cleared (returning NULL from `key()`), [#6859](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6859). Thanks @brookslogan for the report and @Mukulyadav2004 for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `as.data.table()` now properly handles keys: specifying keys sets them, omitting keys preserves existing ones, and setting `key=NULL` clears them, [#6859](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6859). Thanks @brookslogan for the report and @Mukulyadav2004 for the fix.
```
